#lng2name_HU
felsőszorb-magyar=hsb
akan-magyar=ak
lett-magyar=lv
arab-magyar=ar
amhara-magyar=am
hawaii-magyar=haw
adangme-magyar=ada
angol-magyar=en
kirgiz-magyar=ky
anishinaabe-magyar=oj
kasub-magyar=csb
joruba-magyar=yo
haiti\ kreol-magyar=ht
acehi-magyar=ace
zulu-magyar=zu
német-magyar=de
ido-magyar=io
cseroki-magyar=chr
thai-magyar=th
skót-magyar=gd
kabil-magyar=kab
galiciai-magyar=gl
csecsen-magyar=ce
friuli-magyar=fur
ajmara-magyar=ay
maldív-magyar=dv
kazah-magyar=kk
ógörög-magyar=grc
latin-magyar=la
kasmíri-magyar=ks
lengyel-magyar=pl
grúz-magyar=ka
okszitán-magyar=oc
északi\ számi-magyar=se
tádzsik-magyar=tg
szlovén-magyar=sl
asztúriai-magyar=ast
scots-magyar=sco
cigány-magyar=rmn
feröeri-magyar=fo
adigei-magyar=ady
walesi-magyar=cy
török-magyar=tr
korni-magyar=kw
!kung-magyar=kfl
fríz-magyar=fy
volapük-magyar=vo
eszperantó-magyar=eo
ujgur-magyar=ug
litván-magyar=lt
örmény-magyar=hy
óegyházi\ szláv-magyar=cu
tamil-magyar=ta
ewe-magyar=ee
spanyol-magyar=es
võro-magyar=vro
telugu-magyar=te
katalán-magyar=ca
indonéz-magyar=id
luxemburgi-magyar=lb
baszk-magyar=eu
guaraní-magyar=gun
korzikai-magyar=co
tok\ pisin-magyar=tpi
urdu-magyar=ur
bengáli-magyar=bn
naurui-magyar=na
udmurt-magyar=udm
kurd-magyar=ku
fehérorosz-magyar=be
szindhi-magyar=sd
svéd-magyar=sv
bambara-magyar=bm
szanszkrit-magyar=sa
manx-magyar=gv
finn-magyar=fi
kapampangan-magyar=pam
ófelnémet-magyar=goh
ukrán-magyar=uk
navajo-magyar=nv
máltai-magyar=mt
szicíliai-magyar=scn
türkmén-magyar=tk
arámi-magyar=arc
breton-magyar=br
szárd-magyar=sc
bhodzspuri-magyar=bho
izlandi-magyar=is
csuvas-magyar=cv
Hindi=hi
lingala-magyar=ln
afar-magyar=aa
náhuatl-magyar=nah
olasz-magyar=it
volof-magyar=wo
szamoai-magyar=sm
limburgi-magyar=li
maláj-magyar=ms
maori-magyar=mi
krími\ tatár-magyar=crh
albán-magyar=sq
ga-magyar=gaa
kínai-magyar=zh
norvég-magyar=no
román-magyar=ro
azeri-magyar=az
szuahéli-magyar=sw
cseh-magyar=cs
héber-magyar=iw
tatár-magyar=tt
baskír-magyar=ba
szlovák-magyar=sk
holland-magyar=nl
dán-magyar=da
pastu-magyar=ps
cree-magyar=cr
aari-magyar=aiw
tuvalui-magyar=tvl
jávai-magyar=jv
mongol-magyar=mn
kecsua-magyar=qu
maráthi-magyar=mr
szoto-magyar=st
malajálam-magyar=ml
észt-magyar=et
avesztai-magyar=ae
twi-magyar=tw
jiddis-magyar=yi
fidzsi-magyar=fj
tagalog-magyar=tl
üzbég-magyar=uz
afrikaans-magyar=af
bolgár-magyar=bg
orijá-magyar=or
pandzsábi-magyar=pa
gudzsaráti-magyar=gu
perzsa-magyar=prp
portugál-magyar=pt
alsószorb-magyar=dsb
interlingua-magyar=ia
vietnami-magyar=vi
tahiti-magyar=ty
macedón-magyar=mk
gót-magyar=got
cebuano-magyar=ceb
aragóniai-magyar=an
óangol-magyar=ang
koreai-magyar=ko
romans-magyar=rm
tibeti-magyar=bo
szingaléz-magyar=si
magyar=hu
khmer-magyar=km
japán-magyar=ja
görög-magyar=el
francia-magyar=fr
abház\ főnevek=ab
felsőszorb-magyar\ szótár=hsb
akan-magyar\ szótár=ak
lett-magyar\ szótár=lv
arab-magyar\ szótár=ar
amhara-magyar\ szótár=am
hawaii-magyar\ szótár=haw
adangme-magyar\ szótár=ada
angol-magyar\ szótár=en
kirgiz-magyar\ szótár=ky
anishinaabe-magyar\ szótár=oj
kasub-magyar\ szótár=csb
joruba-magyar\ szótár=yo
haiti\ kreol-magyar\ szótár=ht
acehi-magyar\ szótár=ace
zulu-magyar\ szótár=zu
német-magyar\ szótár=de
ido-magyar\ szótár=io
cseroki-magyar\ szótár=chr
thai-magyar\ szótár=th
skót-magyar\ szótár=gd
kabil-magyar\ szótár=kab
galiciai-magyar\ szótár=gl
csecsen-magyar\ szótár=ce
friuli-magyar\ szótár=fur
ajmara-magyar\ szótár=ay
maldív-magyar\ szótár=dv
kazah-magyar\ szótár=kk
ógörög-magyar\ szótár=grc
latin-magyar\ szótár=la
kasmíri-magyar\ szótár=ks
lengyel-magyar\ szótár=pl
grúz-magyar\ szótár=ka
okszitán-magyar\ szótár=oc
északi\ számi-magyar\ szótár=se
tádzsik-magyar\ szótár=tg
szlovén-magyar\ szótár=sl
asztúriai-magyar\ szótár=ast
scots-magyar\ szótár=sco
cigány-magyar\ szótár=rmn
feröeri-magyar\ szótár=fo
adigei-magyar\ szótár=ady
walesi-magyar\ szótár=cy
török-magyar\ szótár=tr
korni-magyar\ szótár=kw
!kung-magyar\ szótár=kfl
fríz-magyar\ szótár=fy
volapük-magyar\ szótár=vo
eszperantó-magyar\ szótár=eo
ujgur-magyar\ szótár=ug
litván-magyar\ szótár=lt
örmény-magyar\ szótár=hy
óegyházi\ szláv-magyar\ szótár=cu
tamil-magyar\ szótár=ta
ewe-magyar\ szótár=ee
spanyol-magyar\ szótár=es
võro-magyar\ szótár=vro
telugu-magyar\ szótár=te
katalán-magyar\ szótár=ca
indonéz-magyar\ szótár=id
luxemburgi-magyar\ szótár=lb
baszk-magyar\ szótár=eu
guaraní-magyar\ szótár=gun
korzikai-magyar\ szótár=co
tok\ pisin-magyar\ szótár=tpi
urdu-magyar\ szótár=ur
bengáli-magyar\ szótár=bn
naurui-magyar\ szótár=na
udmurt-magyar\ szótár=udm
kurd-magyar\ szótár=ku
fehérorosz-magyar\ szótár=be
szindhi-magyar\ szótár=sd
svéd-magyar\ szótár=sv
bambara-magyar\ szótár=bm
szanszkrit-magyar\ szótár=sa
manx-magyar\ szótár=gv
finn-magyar\ szótár=fi
kapampangan-magyar\ szótár=pam
ófelnémet-magyar\ szótár=goh
ukrán-magyar\ szótár=uk
navajo-magyar\ szótár=nv
máltai-magyar\ szótár=mt
szicíliai-magyar\ szótár=scn
türkmén-magyar\ szótár=tk
arámi-magyar\ szótár=arc
breton-magyar\ szótár=br
szárd-magyar\ szótár=sc
bhodzspuri-magyar\ szótár=bho
izlandi-magyar\ szótár=is
csuvas-magyar\ szótár=cv
Hindi=hi
lingala-magyar\ szótár=ln
afar-magyar\ szótár=aa
náhuatl-magyar\ szótár=nah
olasz-magyar\ szótár=it
volof-magyar\ szótár=wo
szamoai-magyar\ szótár=sm
limburgi-magyar\ szótár=li
maláj-magyar\ szótár=ms
maori-magyar\ szótár=mi
krími\ tatár-magyar\ szótár=crh
albán-magyar\ szótár=sq
ga-magyar\ szótár=gaa
kínai-magyar\ szótár=zh
norvég-magyar\ szótár=no
román-magyar\ szótár=ro
azeri-magyar\ szótár=az
szuahéli-magyar\ szótár=sw
cseh-magyar\ szótár=cs
héber-magyar\ szótár=iw
tatár-magyar\ szótár=tt
baskír-magyar\ szótár=ba
szlovák-magyar\ szótár=sk
holland-magyar\ szótár=nl
dán-magyar\ szótár=da
pastu-magyar\ szótár=ps
cree-magyar\ szótár=cr
aari-magyar\ szótár=aiw
tuvalui-magyar\ szótár=tvl
jávai-magyar\ szótár=jv
mongol-magyar\ szótár=mn
kecsua-magyar\ szótár=qu
maráthi-magyar\ szótár=mr
szoto-magyar\ szótár=st
malajálam-magyar\ szótár=ml
észt-magyar\ szótár=et
avesztai-magyar\ szótár=ae
twi-magyar\ szótár=tw
jiddis-magyar\ szótár=yi
fidzsi-magyar\ szótár=fj
tagalog-magyar\ szótár=tl
üzbég-magyar\ szótár=uz
afrikaans-magyar\ szótár=af
bolgár-magyar\ szótár=bg
orijá-magyar\ szótár=or
pandzsábi-magyar\ szótár=pa
gudzsaráti-magyar\ szótár=gu
perzsa-magyar\ szótár=prp
portugál-magyar\ szótár=pt
alsószorb-magyar\ szótár=dsb
interlingua-magyar\ szótár=ia
vietnami-magyar\ szótár=vi
tahiti-magyar\ szótár=ty
macedón-magyar\ szótár=mk
gót-magyar\ szótár=got
cebuano-magyar\ szótár=ceb
aragóniai-magyar\ szótár=an
óangol-magyar\ szótár=ang
koreai-magyar\ szótár=ko
romans-magyar\ szótár=rm
tibeti-magyar\ szótár=bo
szingaléz-magyar\ szótár=si
magyar\ szótár=hu
khmer-magyar\ szótár=km
japán-magyar\ szótár=ja
görög-magyar\ szótár=el
francia-magyar\ szótár=fr
abház\ főnevek=ab
#Tue Apr 10 01:09:46 CEST 2012
magyar\ (Magyarország)=hu
magyar=hu
